hey whats up guys its me a spot of
Colombian here and I just wanted to
bring you this very very nice rushing
and quickscoping gameplay i have here
off the bat you see me run towards our
spawn and just write the i don't know i
thought that was a clever but somehow i
didn't get it I don't know how um I'm
actually surprised at the outcome of
this match because I I was just running
out in the open I was just going crazy I
got even care I didn't care about
anything I just cuz you guys should
already know that i'm working on montage
and this was actually supposed to be
part of my montage and i actually got
pretty irritated because i couldn't land
it any shots earlier and so I just I
just got straight up his so I just I was
like you know I'm just gonna rush just
straight-up rush and see what happens
and i ended up pulling off a really nice
score um yeah and that's basically how
this game happened total accident hey um
today i will be talking about sniping
with wii remote versus class controller
um most of you already know that sniping
with CCP is a whole lot easier than the
wii remote and it's just crazy easier
and personally i can use both except i
found myself when i use oh we remote i
tend to be a lot more campy and i just i
don't really like posting that sort of
gameplay and don't get me wrong if you
still quick scope with we're know it's
just it's a lot harder i know a spot of
impact used to quickscope with the wii
zapper he was actually really good but
then he got a ccp and he's gotten a
little bit better but a little bit but
other like he was still really good with
like the whole pointing thing and um as
you can see I'm playing with my
and um and they saved my butt a lot of
times but then again they also took some
my kills and right here I got to hit
markers I have no idea how I don't know
how that happened on two separate guys
they're both upper body but whatever and
I'll also talk about a cog there's
another topic personally honestly I
think a cog is ok for Wii Remote players
for the for the zooming in with Wii
Remote like as soon as you zoom in then
that like as soon as you move the wii
nunchuk or not the nunchuck but the wii
remote it just goes crazy and that's why
i think a cog is ok for it because you
can see pretty much a lot and it's
basically just straight up aiming but
with wii remote or not not we remote say
i'm getting these two confused with a
ccp no it's not okay i don't like it
honestly i'd be lying if i said i have
ever tried it but honestly I think
everyone's tried at least some time in
their life hit and their black ops
career I guess you can say right here
see this is what I was talking about i
got saved by falcon I think you can see
Falcons um so yeah and you see me pull
out my pistol a lot this was actually
one of my first matches using the
silencing CZ silent cz-75 and i loved it
it was really nicely done it's a really
good good of what song about oh yeah my
killstreaks i would have gone dog this
match I think twice but i still haven't
changed my killstreaks from one of the
other copy cat games so that was I was a
total accident it would have been I
think it would have been a lot nicer
gameplay
add dogs what else would to talk to I
Kitab awesome members right here you see
havoc playing with me um he he used to
be in a spotter but he does well I when
I don't know if you guys seen my other
video but about the clan talk but we had
like I only have good people on my list
and a whole bunch of people were like
wearing what was going on and so we had
like lots and lots of members over the
spotter including this was a mistake but
we also had some I guess you could say
young links in the clan and have it he's
just one of those people that either
please him or you don't he's also
complicated um yeah and you see my name
be different here because I was trying
to advertise the channel cuz uh like I
said it's go big or go home that's
that's what I want and don't hate on me
for picking up this gun like III ran out
of ammo this kid was using it skilling
the taste of his own medicine you know
honestly I think it's okay to pick up a
noob tube and use it but if you have it
like on a class then it's not okay
unless oh no nevermind it's not okay
anyways guys gameplays wrapping up here
a very nice rushing gameplay I get a
nice walbank for the last kill you see
right here yep there it is all rights
guys see you guys